Port to 26.2 (#645)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/blocks/first-block.md

Blocks are the building blocks of Minecraft (no pun intended) - just like everything else in Minecraft, they're stored in registries.

> ## Preparing Your Block Id Classes {#preparing-your-item-ids-classes}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Preparing Your Block ID Classes {#preparing-your-block-id-classes}
```

> If you've completed the [Creating Your First Item](../items/first-item) page, this process will feel extremely familiar - you will need to create classes to hold the names of your `Block`s. Blocks with items store their IDs as a `BlockItemId`, and blocks without `Item`s store their IDs as a `ResourceKey`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've completed the [Creating Your First Item](../items/first-item) page, this process will feel extremely familiar - you will need to create classes to hold the identifiers of your `Block`s. The IDs for blocks with items are stored as `BlockItemId`s, while those without store theirs as a `ResourceKey`.
```

> These references to the block are used for data generating block tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These references to the block are used for [data-generating block tags](../data-generation/tags).
```

If this is not the only use case, consider starting with "For example".

Author: This is the only use case at the moment. All other data generators use the raw blocks.

> ::: tabs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::: tabs
```

== Blocks With Items

We'll put a method in a class called `ModBlockItemIds` (or whatever you want to name the class). This class contains any blocks that do have block items.

Mojang does this with their blocks as well! Check out the `BlockItemIds` class for inspiration.

> <<< @/reference/latest/src/main/java/com/example/docs/block/ModBlockItemIds.java#first_block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<< @/reference/latest/src/main/java/com/example/docs/block/ModBlockItemIds.java#first_block

::: tip

Mojang does this with their blocks as well! Check out the `BlockItemIds` class for inspiration.

:::
```

== Blocks Without Items

We'll put a method that creates a `ResourceKey` in a class called `ModBlockIds` (or whatever you want to name the class). This class contains any blocks that do not have block items.

Mojang does this with their blocks as well! Check out the `BlockIds` class for inspiration.

<<< @/reference/latest/src/main/java/com/example/docs/block/ModBlockIds.java#first_block

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<< @/reference/latest/src/main/java/com/example/docs/block/ModBlockIds.java#first_block

::: tip

Mojang does this with their blocks as well! Check out the `BlockIds` class for inspiration.

:::

::::

## Preparing Your Blocks Class {#preparing-your-blocks-class}

> Block registration is also similar to item registration, we'll now create two methods that register your block, one of which also registers a block item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Block registration is also similar to [item registration](../items/first-item#registering-an-item): we'll now create two methods that register your block, one of which also registers a block item.
```

I'll open a https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-docs/labels/small issue about standardizing these two pages, so the headings and structure are similar.
